He didn't recognize me.
Maybe you don't know me at all
possible
Learning is now close to you
Is it because of your identity?
So what?
I've done so much.
As soon as he comes to me
Use or something else
I don't care anymore
Hey
Xiaoxi, what's the matter?
So mysterious
Yueyao Well, anyway, I'm going to leave the pregnancy group
I don't want to hide it from you
Actually, I lied to you.
I didn't save you by accident
I asked in advance about the past.
Why do you want to get close to Shen Tinglan?
Don't all women want to approach him?
I'm no exception.
No no no no no
What I mean is...
Why did you tell me?
You're not mad?
I took advantage of you
What's this for?
Since I came to Yuncheng with my uncle
Who is approaching me not to take advantage of me?
But
At least you still consider me a good friend
Ah yes, Xiaoxi
Did you tell my uncle about this?
He already knew
Keep me by your side
Just to warn us
You are wrong, creek.
Think about it, just because of a person like Xiaoshu
He will leave a woman with ulterior motives
Staying around for so long?
That's because I want to say
He likes you.